# IsabellaJonesProcessPortfolioWeek7
DGL-104 Process Portfolio 
Week Seven
Isabella Jones
     Research: The testing tool I used was the Test Runner for Java that is implemented on VSCode. https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-test The documentation for the test runner is simple enough to understand on it’s own, but it also supports three other testing frameworks and documentation for those frameworks is hard to navigate. The Java test runner supports debugging, exploring different tests, test configuration, view output, and embedded testing commands. To test the framework, I created a file that calculates the Fibonacci sequence. Implementing testing frameworks from the testing side bar was difficult; first it asked me to choose a framework, but I was unable to pick a test from said framework. I then went to the debug tool and purposefully input the letter “e” instead of an integer. The debug tool immediately opened the scanner class and showed me the exception handling in the code. 
   Reflect: Recently, I used the test runner to see exactly what the code was doing with breakpoints. In my programming class I was having a problem with a class that was supposed to use a stack to calculate equations in postfix notation. Each time I would pass an equation into the program, I would tell me that it threw a NullPointerException, and it was coming from when I tried to pop the top variable from the stack. I then used the debugger tool to see exactly what the code was doing each time, it turns out that the test to see if a given variable was an int or not was working properly and so it would skip over the if statement, go straight to the else statement, and try to pop a variable from a stack that was empty. I ended up using char instead of String to pass as the variable into the program, since I knew that char can be easily tested and converted into an int.
